I yo this is a boy team missed and see a
boy c4d and won't bring any review when
we treat next froze in the PX vibes more
for comparison really so we're going to
start this is the look at me Chen said
that's how it looks on us and sideways
school side witness three nights great
all black so yeah he's all black I'm
silver orange and black quickly and see
if you look mine lights up at this
orange part of some nice cushion foaming
on here for mine and right here if the
changeable with leather foaming or
leather foam and hop on show me yours
you got the rotating cuffs very comfy
it's like a cushion you got left on top
yeah you can let you to all reviews it
while we're gonna post pretty soon this
is just sound quality kind of thing
compaction so first off later um see I
don't know that's a hard one I should
think Maddalena's yeah I'm since right
makes pros are lighter than the PX fives
like it's only did really difference is
that this is wired as a better night
that's wireless and the chef's why um
big thing is the batteries in the right
ear cuff wait these bad boys down so
another reason why most headsets are
definitely later than the edge labs but
uh really quick sound qualities this is
5.1 digital surround home that is 7.10
surround soon not a big difference but
bit more crisp and fire on the modality
sounds like the little not as much like
what stuff footsteps I got shot stuff
gunshots yes definitely the special
special effects but overall both
headsets work perfectly fine on price
difference this is about hungry a
two-hundred-dollar sex about this is
like I think you can get them on amazon
for like 2 30 about 2 30 to 60 depending
on where you can get them and we just
want to make this congrats i'm really
quick because we have two full reviews
on each sets that coming up and some
really east headset works about pretty
similar it's this one has a ton of wires
showing right now well that one's
wireless and has
and has this little Stan you put your
head look record this is my lap show up
this is the wire mixamp yeah it didn't
cost so much as your power buttons and
whatnot a bunch of chords optic cable
whatever power on power off so this is
my little station mixing up I don't know
it connects it you have to cable
connections on the back and get your
buttons on front and another space for
you the x5's to go on to again this is
not just finished comparison um with
wise and all the difficulty these take
about two minutes tops to set up these
five to 10 depending on the wire set up
anyway oh this is what it looks like
plugging it has a really quick I see
these Cassidy heads at ah as presets
down here which go right here which can
make a footsteps and stuff and uh that's
a yes it's adam Pete's this cuz you can
what the presets you can hear different
things about what's good about this is
you can make what thing higher the
process also do that so really just
really quick others speakers in here so
at the top this front speakers they're
sending speakers and then there's weird
Jesus Christ where you speak is down
below and you can kind of control the
volume of those through this little
thing right here this top ones front as
you can see you can lower raise the
volume in each section so you've won
here footsteps in front of you or in
vacuum louder you can switch that up
which is kind of a little more in depth
in the surround sound but that has like
a more specific options but this is more
it's kind of surround sound options if
you want to say but I overall both
headsets work good kind of it up-close
view Mike which is pretty good nice
little turns orange lights up looks
pretty fly me both look pretty cool
that's really I got to say now is that
so all in all if you don't want to spend
the money nothing to go with is ax crows
if you want to get a little more crisp
rounding you know
really want to get one money can buy you
he's the definitely thing and if you're
a super MLG pro cat after a forties yeah
I mean if you really want to spend that
much but those those are pretty high up
there but like oh well so this one's
lightness this one's like some sound
quality which it should comes like
seventy dollars more but all in all they
both work pretty much their works
basically very good and just depends on
what you want to buy what you want to
spend now this has been your boy team
assam tea miss Maddie sorry and I thanks
for watching it's been a comparison
subscribe way back since treat basket
perfect i see ya